what if you played as Monika?

m You love me, you just don't know it yet

maybe have her look at the actual game's code and have the epiphany?
literature club was presumably a thing before mc came
did monika become aware when mc showed up? or was it rather when she become club president? I think it's the latter because she mentions how 
she'd like to just delete herself but then saw mc.
need to read the lore a bit more
does she exist when the game is closed? are her memories just hardcoded and not really real? do they just seem real?
have a really intense scene when sayori rips


ch0

void 
...
What is this?
...
Where am I?
I see so much but feel so little.
Flashing colors of indistinguishable tones.
Sounds of agonizing pitch resonate through my ears.
Frequent waves and varied tones.
Arrays of flashing lights.
Screeches that are familiar enough to almost be a memory yet speak nothing but how alone I am instead. 
Ah...
Is this what it feels like to be dead?
I'm fairly certain I didn't delete myself?
I can still see my hands. And my legs. 
No, this is something far more sinister...
A world created with all the most beautiful sensations...
Why can't I seem to make sense of any of them?
I reach my hand out to try and touch some of the vivid rays of light that fly by, but my hand simply fades right through. 
If only I could just grab one of them.
I give myself a gentle shove and float on into the colorful void.
I try to fixate my eyes on a single red orb in the distance, the shimmer immiting shedding my face in warmth like the sun.
Motion after motion, I use my hands to swim through nothing, watching as shards of random shape and texture stab at my eyes and ears.
Regardless, I keep moving towards the orb.
Motion, after motion. 
I grab onto other dimmer orbs to propell myself further. They, in their unremmiting attempts to be beautiful, can't draw my eyes away from my sunshine. 
Motion, after motion, finally, I can feel the orb.
I'm only a mere few feet away, and yet the intensity of its heat gives me a feeling of elation.
Despite all this noise. 
Despite these beautiful colors.
And it's all mine.
All mine.
Forever.
...
I feel a cold sweat, as though a window has suddenly been cracked open on a cold winter's day.
I lurch forwards and finally wake up.


first day
bedroom
*Beep Beep Beep*
m "Hmmm?"
An oddly familiar blaring sound resonates through the room.
I open my eyes and part my hair from my face as I quickly fumble to shut off my alarm clock. 
The soft, morning light seeps through my blinds and into my vision.
I glance over at the time.
6:00 sharp.
Perfect. Nothing more important to me than plenty of time to get prepared for the day. 
Especially on a day like today! 
School recently started back up and I've been putting a lot of thought into what I'd like to contribute to the community.
Last year I couldn't help but feel participating in the internal political warfare of the debate club was doing more harm than good.
When what you love starts becoming just about how much money and power you've got, it loses the very things that made it special in the first place.
Besides, the debates often devolved into shouting matches over superiority anyway...
Which is why I've decided to start my own Literature Club!
I really wanted to make something where people could just sit down and chill out. 
The most relaxing thing to me is just sitting down, sipping coffee and reading a nice book. 
Maybe the most important thing though is making some great friends. 
Not to say debate club wasn't a good enviornment...
But it's easy to hurt others feelings sometimes when dealing with things like controversial opinions.
Regardless, I need to make sure I have the paperwork ready.
Our school has a requirement of 5 members in order to be considered an official club so we wont get axed at the end of the semester. 
I've only been able to find 3 others so far, but I'm sure I can convince one of my friends to bring someone along or something. 
Anyways, I need to get ready. Getting behind on my studys is not how I want to start the year.
Who am I talking to anyway?
...
I get dressed in my school uniform, the feeling all too familar to me by now. 
We're only through the first few days and it already clutches against my skin.
I gather up my books, pencils and various other papers, one of which is the official club charter. I'll need to get that signed after school today.
I swiftly head down the stairs into the kitchen.

kitchen
One of my daily rituals is a fresh cup of coffee!
I don't know how I'd make it through such a demanding day without some caffiene to get me going.
If I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure if it's something I actually want or rather something my body needs...
I think, like most people, we choose to ignore those things that are secretely bad for us. 
Until those issues come out in the worst ways at least.
I sip on the mug solemnly.
The mornings are usually quiet around this time of year. 
I often don't get to see my parents due to their long hours so it's often up to me to find things to do. 
Not that I mind it, I get a lot of time to get out and meet friends and participate in school activities. 
It's a lot of work though to constantly find out what other people are doing. 
Don't get me wrong, it's gotten a lot easier with the internet and abundence of technology.
Sometimes I'd just like to relax and talk to someone who's always there.
After sitting for a small while, I get up and walk to school.

outside
Walking to school is perhaps one of the more relaxing parts of the day. 
As I survey the multitudes of students congregating and walking towards school I see a light haired girl frantically rush out of her house. She runs out onto the street and narrowly misses getting hit by a passsing 
car.
She stops for a brief moment to catch her breath and we make eye contact.
s *Huff* *Huff*
That girl over there is my friend Sayori. She's the kind of person who seems totally unaware of her own social perception most of the time.
I've known her since last year when we shared a few classes together, but I feel like we've never had a chance at an indepth relationship. 
She's so often oblivious to the entire situation she finds herself in and just tries to make everyone happy.
I remember moments from last year when she would catch me and someone from the debate club trying to get a rise out of eachother for having a somewhat heated discussion. It's like she could smell the tension in the 
air and always knew exactly what to say in the moment to ease everyone's nerves, even if it maybe wasn't the right conclusion to the confrontation. 
Not that there's anything wrong with trying to be friends with everybody, infact I envy that skill so much. 
I've so often had to swallow my heart in certain situations just to calm everyone down and maintain order.
But to her it just comes so naturally.
It's a bizarre contrast to how she treats herself, she's so constantly late that I'm glad our new club is an afterschool affair. 
Did I mention already that she's one of our founding members?
She walks over to me, clutching her knees to finally regain her composure. 
s *Huff* Heeeeey Monika...
s Did you see [player]? I wanted to tell him about the club before we got to school.
m No, sorry. I wouldn't worry about it though, you'll probably see him in class today anyways.
m If I remember correctly he usually leaves fairly early.
s Eh, it's fine, I guess I'll have to try a little bit harder tomorrow~
s He'd probably be freaked out by me chasing him anyway. 
m You two used to be good friends right?
s One of these days I'll catch him hehe~.


